Evaluation

Unfortunately, I don't think the end result of the project was quite as advanced as we hoped or planned it to be. I think this can mainly be contributed to two factors: my inexperience handling projects like these, and our excessive focus on the firing mechanism. Speaking for myself, I am used to creating software projects, and while there are definitely similarities, the fact that the A.L.N.D. had much more hardware engineering involved made it much more difficult to get a grasp on. Problems that I thought would be easy to solve turned out to be much bigger stumbling blocks than expected, and required a lot of research - this was most apparent in the firing mechanism, which took up a lot of our time and energy to try and develop.

I do think there was a bigger hurdle in the project however, and it was one we placed in front of ourselves; the fact that we spent way too much time trying to get the automatic firing mechanism working. It's something we got stuck on for quite a while, and we didn't even end up solving the problem. Instead, we could've started working on other aspects, like adding a camera to the A.L.N.D. and setting up automatic face detection; even if there was no working mechanism to control, it could still measure distances or detect a mouth opening, adding some much-needed tech to our project. I realise I do this getting lost in details in a lot of my projects, either for study or personal, so I think the lesson of sometimes needing to take a step back and get a better overview of what you're doing, and maybe look at a problem from a different angle, is a very valuable one, and something I'll definitely try to take with me in future projects.

I did really enjoy the presentation aspect of the project - I'd never really tackled a 'marketing' challenge like this one, and really enjoyed thinking about ways to sell our product, while still keeping in mind the satirical aspect. In this way, I do think we achieved at least part of our impact - while the end product wasn't automatic in any way, it did function well enough to set up a demo and convey our intended message. I learned that a well-made presentation can do a lot to sell a project, and I'm excited to explore the 'media' side of technology more in the future.
